chore: update features/observability section (#662)
agno-agi/docs: features/observability.mdx

---
title: Agent Observability

> description: "Store traces, run history, and audit logs in your own database. No third-party platform required."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Store traces, run history, and audit logs in your own database. Natively in Agno"
```

)
```

Every run produces a trace tree: spans for the LLM call, each tool, hook, retrieval, and team delegation. Tracing is built on [OpenTelemetry](https://opentelemetry.io/) and instruments your agents with zero code changes.

> ## Your data never leaves your server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Your data never leaves your db
```

Database here is more accurate.
